hey guys so with all this hype about the
sixteenth Pokemon movie Mewtwo's
awakening I decided to go back and watch
him you too returns it was an anime
special that aired in December 30th 2010
to be a sequel of the first Pokemon
movie Mewtwo strikes back after
re-watching u2 returns I noticed
something very interesting at the end of
the movie Mewtwo is seen standing on top
of a flagpole in an unnamed City as the
shot of Mewtwo pans out the narrator
says our friends continue on their
journey but in a faraway City stories
are told of a mysterious Pokemon who
roams freely but only by moonlight it's
only a theory but I believe this city
that Mewtwo is roaming is the city in
either Unova or whatever region ash and
friends visit that gets attacked by all
these genesect throughout Mewtwo returns
that has shown them you too often
protect the inhabitants of the island in
which he currently resides similarly I
believe that Mewtwo now protects the
inhabitants of this city in which he
currently roams if this is the case then
it makes sense that Mewtwo comes to
Ash's rescue when he is attacked by the
genesect in the trailer from YouTube's
awakening so if these two movies are
linked is it possible that pokemons
planned this movie 13 years ago when
Mewtwo returns came out in 2000 the
Pokemon franchise is known for holding
back ideas and pokemons in the current
generations to be released in later ones
such as the case with Tyranitar
originally a concept that was supposed
to be included in the original Japanese
green and red but later made his way to
silver and gold
if Pokemon had planned this movie 13
years ago they'd be pretty devious I
mean that is genius to bring back
something that is so old and nostalgic
but it's pretty unlikely that they had
this in mind 13 years ago I mean of
course they might have thought that they
would do something with me too in the
future but I seriously doubt that they
knew ash was gonna be travelling to a
new region into this new city and with
all these new pokemons
keeping that in mind I've also noticed
some other small links between you twos
return and the trailer for you choose
awakening for example in Mewtwo returns
Mewtwo often travels by night the reason
for this being that Mewtwo feels he is
an outcast seeing that he is genetically
engineered and cloned from you rather
than born into this world naturally of
course the narrator references this at
the end of the movie when he says that
Mewtwo only roams this new city by
moonlight even though the sequence shown
in the trailer from you choose awakening
doesn't exactly appear to take place at
night there could be some references to
MU twos obsession with the moon as
Mewtwo transforms into his new form it
seems like the tale that he used to have
is now connected to his head and it kind
of looks like it could be the crescent
of a moon another possible reference is
when Mewtwo is actually transforming
into his new form some light sparks that
look like crescent moons shoot out of
the aura I think it's very possible that
you twos new form has some connection
with the moon and there is some
background tied to that of course this
is all theory and we'll all have to wait
to watch the movie to find out if any of
this is possibly true with me - has any
connection with you - returns or if any
of this moon stuff makes any sense thank
you guys for listening in my opinions
and please express yours in the comments
if you have any more information or any
thoughts about these connections and
please let me know and if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up I'll
probably do more in the future so please
stay subscribed and favorite this video
if you absolutely loved it thanks for
watching and have a good day if you're
looking for something else to watch on
YouTube why not check out some of my
stop-motion videos that you might find
pretty cool you can also like my
Facebook page where I'll keep you
updated on the videos that I'm making or
the stop-motions that I'm creating
currently I'm making a series called
sega man a stop-motion
that involves Mega Man characters and
Sonic characters and I'm also in the
works of creating a pokemons stop-motion
and if you're just looking for something
funny to watch
I suggest heading over to the five side
square to watch some hilarious dubs I
participated in with my fellow youtubers
if you're a fan of Haruhi sonic or a
Dragon Ball we've got dubs of those and
some other random things like Mega Man
or global buh-buh-buh